
This performance can be considered a site specific piece, as we brought together these elements but staged them specifically to achieve a close interaction with an audience that was present in a big church. Staging refers to the composition of the different elements and disciplines to achieve a whole thread or narrative based on the experience of the audience. In this case choreography with body movements and gestures, sounds and text produced by the human voice, and the overall hints at a stage situation were the main staging of the bodies and the objects. 

At the beginning the audience gathers in the church after purchasing their tickets and some drinks, the initial expectation of this audience relates to the specificity of this event and the location (an electronic music festival and a cathedral). The space was lit with cold light, but given the dimensions of the cathedral the background and surroundings of the center was very dark, hinting at the magnitude of the building. There was no sound, just the chatter of the audience was hearable. In the brightest part of the space, the area inside the columns, we see a textile hanging from a tripod, and some folded fabrics of a color similar to the floor. In the edges of this space and behind the area inside the columns we see other tripods, a desk with the sound and light technicians, a stage, as well as all the symbology and paraphernalia of a church. 

At some point a woman dressed in black with a sensor on her face and a headset microphone stands next to a group of audience members, gets close to them as if she was one of the visitors of the festival, she opens her mouth, triggering a loud voice sound that interrupts the silence, echoing throughout the cathedral. This sound disruption made the overall volume of the audience chatter lower for a moment, most of them were not aware of where it came from, it might just have been a sound checking error. The woman moves slowly within the group of audience members, some of them notice her presence. She suddenly opens her mouth again a couple more times, triggering the loud sound again. The overall volume of the chatter lowers and at some point the audience knows that something started, changing the mood in the space. At this point though, not everyone knows what is going on, as the woman is very much one of the many bodies present in space. 

She then goes next to a column and most people get to see how when she opens her mouth a sound is produced in the whole space. At some point other bodies, also wearing black clothes and face sensors join the space, some of them are next to the columns others in the background. At this point the sounds being produced happen more often and the relation between the gesture of some people wearing black clothes and sensors on their face becomes clear. The sounds voice recordings as if they were snippets of someone talking, murmurs, gibberish, and they repeat independently of who opens their mouth. The people producing the sounds gather next to the column of the space and at the distance they exchange looks, as if they were playing with the timing of when to open the mouths and produce sound, but also as if they were communicating in some way. They change positions and create different constellations, sometimes two of them come closer, sometimes they observe from a distance. The accumulation of the voice sounds becomes more and more present, but their gestures are simple and it contrasts with how they move around and space. It is a very mechanical and minimal sudden mouth movement. 

Then they gather next to the hanging fabric and the sounds and mouth movements become faster, as if you see a group of four people discussing something, the sounds they produce, these voice snippets overlap and accumulate filling the whole cathedral. Two of them then sit on the floor next to the laptops visible in the space and start typing something. The other ones do some more of the mouth opening gestures but now the way they walk and their interactions involve going towards each other and creating a spinning trajectory, walking and facing each other while they produce the sound. They smile and share a complicity between them as well as with the ones sitting on the computer as if they were plotting something in that space. 

At this moment somewhere far from the dark a buzzing sound is heard and from behind some of the audience out of the darkness we see a person wearing some kind of robe and holding a string attached to a small drone. The drone flies over the audience into the space and behind the columns and the person holding it looks very concentrated at it, sometimes the drones pull this person and they follow, other times it looks like the drone comes to them, you can't be completely sure who is controlling who. The person enters the area inside the columns and the drone goes to one of the folded fabrics on the floor, the wind it produces unfolds part of it and the attention of the other performers seem to be directed at that moment. The initial surprise of this figure that entered the space with a drone, wearing an outfit that is not black clothes and the fact that while the drone flies over the cloth, transforms this surprise into an intrigue and curiosity of what are these cloths that have been laying down all this time and a curiosity of what other figures might appear from the darkness of the cathedral. The figure with the drone leaves in the opposite direction, she takes off the robe and disappears behind the space into the darkness. 

A subtle sound is heard and still some of the voices from the beginning. At this point the woman that first appeared has all her attention directed towards the fabric on the floor and slowly walks towards it. She bends down and starts to unfold it, extending it on the floor. We see an image, similar to the one hanging on the tripod but in a different color. She looks at it and then kneels down to touch it and when she touches it a distorted and loud sound is heard. She caresses the fabric and the sound changes in accordance to how she moves her hand over the surface of the fabric. The sound also stops when she takes her hand away. She looks in different directions, reacting to something that happens every time she touches the fabric, and she  whispers some text as if she was talking to someone in the darkness or as if every time she touches the fabric it makes her speak. We just cannot understand what she’s saying because it’s fast, it’s being whispered, and the sounds (the background sound, the sound produced by touching the fabric, and the occasional voice sounds of the sensors grow louder and louder). The intensity of this interaction grows together with the movement of the person, the intensity of her whispers, and the intensity of the sound. 

While this is happening in the background one of the four bodies with the face sensors looks at this action and sees a fabric folded next to him. He approaches it and unfolds it, maybe inspired by what the other person is doing or maybe out of curiosity. We get a glimpse of another image in the fabric but this one is never fully extended on the floor. He then proceeds to wrap himself with it, wearing similar to the figure with the drone but never fully wearing it properly. He seems to be struggling with it, he seems to be feeling its texture, he seems to be stretching it around himself. His movements become more erratic and it looks like by wearing the fabric the way he moves got transformed by it. He is more in the background, in the space behind the columns, close to the audience. His gaze is directed towards the horizon and even though he gets very close to some audience members and in the outbursts of his sudden movements almost hit them, he is not really present but addressing something else in the space. He also moves his mouth as if he was mumbling something but he doesn't whisper like the other person. His movements grow more intense and erratic, as if being controlled by the sound, he goes inside the area of the columns. 

We see both bodies grow in intensity, the woman just opens another fabric and the whispering transforms into voice and body glitches. The sound intensity keeps on growing, it accentuates the speed and scope of the movements of the bodies (which also gradually grew) but also you are not sure if they are following the music or if it’s their bodies and the fabrics controlling the intensity. This moment grows and it becomes darker, from the repetition of these sounds and the movement vocabulary being repeated, the musical buildup becomes an intense techno moment. The two bodies that were interacting with the fabrics start extending all the other fabrics on the floor, revealing the images on them. Two other persons, one of them the drone figure, hang the remaining fabric on the tripod outside of the area with columns. The situation of how the bodies interacted with the fabrics, the whispers and the movements, as well as the kind of music they were building together transformed into a regular and repetitive beat and the space transformed into a display of a series of huge images, each one in a different color scheme and containing different figures, maybe related to the bodies we have seen. 

The two performers that extended the fabrics and have been interacting with them start doing a repetitive movement on top of them, spinning their torsos and arms and heads in synchronisation with the beat. Once the audience sees all the images and also supported by a stroboscopic light they seem to have entered a trance, enhanced by the techno as in a rave. At one point they collapse against the wall and move in slow motion against it. The audience gets the chance to appreciate the whole composition that all the fabrics produce together and the space becomes a club or rave space. One of the bodies gets stands, the loud music suddenly stops, and he approaches the audience and addresses them. He talks directly to the audience, very fast nd in close proximity. 

He says the following text: “I see mystical patterns amongst the noise. What is behind it all? I see five archetypes. I see the new age possessed jester of ai. I see the machine learning weaving of ancestral knowledge. I see the mother performing neural endurance rituals. I see the synthetic choir queen of information technologies. I see the pagan data center workers ritualizing spiritual cables. I see these five archetypes, and there is something behind them. It's like a bill. The worth is in the image printed on it and not in the paper itself. There is an intelligence behind all this! There is, there is! But who’s responsible for it? It’s not about the content, it is about the context.” You nevertheless cannot fully understand the content of his speech because it is very fast, he interrupts the amplification of it by opening his mouth, triggering the sound of the sensors, and he repeats some of the sentences, strangening the way the audience perceives the content. It looks like an attempt to explain what has just happened but distorted in such a way that it becomes more like a repetitive sound similar to the techno music that was just heard. 

The other body who is still laying on the floor starts to accompany this speech cacophony by contrasting it with a repetitive and slow singing in a high pitch. The voice seems to be distorted, we then realise that everytime she sings other voices appear through the amplified sound, since no one else is singing. The man talking leaves, continuing to talk but fading out in the darkness of the cathedral. The person singing also approaches the audience and sings close to them, we realise, in the proximity that there is a relation between her voice and the amplified voice intervals from the amplification. At one point she also leaves into the darkness. Her voice is still heard in the space in repetitive tones. After she leaves all the other music is also gone and her voice stays like a mantra. The people sitting on the laptops stand up and leave. We are only left with the voice and the emptiness of the room. After some cycles and repetitions we appreciate the emptiness of the room and the fabrics hanging or laying on the floor, we see other audience members staring into the space, and due to its length we revisit what just happened and how the initial space and situation transformed. At some point the final repetition of the mantra happens and the lights go out, leaving the audience in complete darkness.
